doc(python): Improve Python SDK docs / added releases and session documentation. (#4713)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/environments.mdx

---
title: Environments
sidebar_order: 30
description: "Learn how to configure your SDK to tell Sentry about your environments."
notSupported:
  - perl
---

> Sometimes you want to know if an error was received from the production system or the staging server. This is what environments are for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environments tell you where an error occurred, whether that's in your production system, your staging server, or elsewhere. 
```

> Sentry automatically creates environments when it receives an event with the `environment` tag set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry automatically creates an environment when it receives an event with the `environment` tag set.
```
